[Music]
Okay, let's see some more stuff.
Oh well. Let's see what René did before
we go. The truth is that you
put it in the minute. This is
a [ __ ]. What they did to me, okay,
what I told you at the beginning of the
live, okay, whoever hasn't seen it,
whoever doesn't know, well, I don't think there's an
excerpt of that as such. Or yes, I don't know. I'll
see, but I explained at the
beginning of the live what they
did to me, okay, but they were making fun of me pretty
hard. Oslo, because of a click that I posted on
Twitter, they pulled it on me.
Someone impersonating
René pulled it on me. Okay, so René even talked to me
a little while ago while I was here live
to tell me, man, what happened to my
clip? Copyright. I didn't
pull it on you, you know, and damn, I was
excited that you would upload it. Okay, and they were
making fun of ORSL pretty hard over this
part that we're going to see here, okay. Well,
look over here, Begoña Jerpe is speaking. Damn,
I wouldn't do it.  I swear I don't know if it's
irony eh Ivan Madrazo what a garbage
video and interview and everything I don't know
how someone can consume that garbage
and well around here I've seen a lot of people
sharing this I mean there was a big
musama conversation between [ __ ] people, I
mean there was like a lot of hate but there
was also a lot of diversity of
opinions let's put the clip here I
'll try to recover it tomorrow okay would you
kick a
puppy for 10,000 like in hand like
you guys what would you do family would I kick
a puppy for
10,000 bucks I think a lot of people would
do it I think a lot of people would do it I
know the public response is No no way I don't
know what but I think a lot of
people would do it a lot of people would
do it why because because
you need the money because
10,000 euros is a lot of money for a lot of
people who that maybe can
save them for the year Well in fact it
's the money that a lot of people earn a year
so of course eh I think I would do it there are
a lot of people who would do it
so they are sick, right? Let's see, I don't
think that I don't think it's
sick, I think that every I think
there are a lot of people who aren't, but I think that
sincerely, look, and if you tell me about a
baby, I also think that there are a lot of people
who would do it, another thing is that they
say it in public, okay, eh
Why? Because they say, Well, it's a
kick, it's a kick, it's an animal, I'm not
going to kill it, eh, you know what I'm telling you and
10,000 bucks saves me a month because I
'm hungry because I can't pay
because I have a lot of holes. I think that there are
a lot of people who would do it. I
think that there are a lot of people who would
do it, they said yes, okay? Well, others said
for 10,000, no, for 100,000, which is
a hypothetical situation that is obviously not going to
happen, you know, and it's like there
were a lot of people who were saying,
Well, it's the same thing, and whether you answer
yes, for 10,000, for 100,000, no, I don't think so, I do
n't think they are absolutely the
same at all.  10,000 which for 100,000
of course is not the same amount So
100,000 bucks 100,000 bucks can
save you half your life I mean the majority
of people we're not going to see 100,000 bucks
together in life I'll give him a kick like Adotto Let's
see it's cruel it's cruel okay
nothing justifies hitting a defenseless a
defenseless a defenseless Javier stop rambling
I'm not telling you if it's justified
or not justified I'm telling you that
many people would do it another thing is that
you come here on the internet and in the chat
tell me that I wouldn't do it that nothing
justifies a kick I don't know what Look I'm
telling you that for the majority the kick
remains given if they are not recording eh if
nobody yes nobody is going to find out yes nobody is going to find out Well of
course that would be a
condition do people find out or not they
find out they are recording me No no if nobody is
going to find out you kick him you
take the 10,000  and and you've been very you
know, I mean most people do it why it's
because [ __ ] because because
there are a lot of people who need money
we live for money and we don't
we live in a uh in a life
okay in which yes you can have empathy
of course Hey and maybe you don't
like to kick anyone not an
animal not a small animal not a
large animal not a large person
but if they give you the option between uh that
another living being might be in pain for
a while or or your family because
we live in a survival mode in which
you look out more in which you look out
for yourself and yours for the
loved ones that matter to you you
understand not for other loved ones you
understand I have a lot of conscience I
couldn't I uh I'm telling you what I
think most people would do not
what I would do why Because
obviously 10,000 100000 euros are not the same
for one person as for
another There will be people who There will be people who There will
be people who don't do it because  10,000 There will
be people who will do it for 500 and for 50
bucks there are also people who would do it for
50 bucks you know what I mean I mean it
depends a lot on everything because I was
seeing comments not in replies to my
t what they were saying but the morals the morals Eh it
doesn't change between 10,000 and 100,000 if you
do it it doesn't matter if it's 100,000 or
10,000 it doesn't matter the amount you sell out you would
sell out no to me it wouldn't be the same okay maybe there are
people that you say for
10,000 no you're fine no I don't need but for
100,000 say listen to me 100,000 bucks I'll
kick him no I'm not going to kill him it's going
to hurt for a while Maybe I'll break
something good he'll forget you know what I mean And
that doesn't mean that you like doing it that
you would like to do it that doesn't
mean that you like kicking or that you
enjoy doing it or that you don't feel
bad afterward  but they would do it Yes I
think that most people would
unfortunately The world is like that
but I think that I think that really
most people would do it because
we live in a survival mode in which you
look more for yourself, for your
environment than for the rest of
human beings, everything has a price. I think
that everything has a price or almost everything
has a price. eh first I would kick
Javi before a puppy Well that
's also true and for less but the thing is that I
think that the point is that eh I think that
the point is I would know, I mean
really Why wouldn't you do it and I think that
the majority I am very
suspicious about many things okay And I think
that most of those who
say no, not for a million I
think that the majority would answer Ah
would be But what if nobody was going to find out
no I don't know I'm very
suspicious for 10,000 maybe not but
for 100,000 Kick him so hard that I'll
disintegrate him so hard that you can't
even find his snout  man dog I
mean but the site disappears the dog
but for 10,000 a
punch no I don't know I don't know really
eh no I mean I mean I'm going to be
honest with you for 10,000 you would p for a baby
90 people are going to say I would do that yeah
bro of course cl for 100,000 for 10,000 a
lot of people would do it Although most
people tell you no a lot of people would
do it for 100,000 you're telling the
truth but it is like that it's a lot of money you're
not telling me that I would do it
eh I also love it not a guy who has
been so so famous for decades or
a decade okay I mean it seems like a lot of
money 10,000 bucks for 100,000 well
whoever says no there will be some crazy person
who really says no and really wouldn't do it
but most people
as soon as the door closes and it's
just you and the puppy
well man dude what a dick that doesn't plan
furay olo
no  you would do it for 100000 how do you
respond It's that this is going to be like very
good dude but like I've never
valued money so much you know what I
want to tell you also because it's not that I don't
want to say No my family noale you've never
valued money so much but you
value the life of
a that or rather it's curious because I don't know
I'm not very animalist either I mean I
like fumes the animals that in the
ass it doesn't matter or rather Sorry we [ __ ]
for this I mean I [ __ ] with animals I love
animals But it's true
that I thought that we IB or rather we were
like very well calm there's always
one But it's true that we are reaching
a world that like it's not that
animals are treated well but animals are humanized
like animals Do you think they
live life like I mean
animals have a concept of morals or
good and evil like bro the dog of course the
dog my dog ​​loves me very much but it's
not human love bro it's not I mean he
loves you because he sees you every day
because you feed him and because that's the
only thing he knows about life of course
exactly he's being held back Ah but  I
tend to humanize animals in a
way like what we talked about before in
nature there is no good or evil or
moral code or anything that is
your invention bro yeah I think the
dog would want me to hit him bro the dog would
say I think so And if you tell the
dog I'll give you 1 he would understand if he understood he would
say go and we'll go halfway exactly exactly
great dude well thank you very much
for well this is a new channel it
is a new channel I didn't know he
prepared the clip for me luar I didn't know but it is
a new channel Z senen I mean it's another
other podcast [ __ ] on the [ __ ] Ah well it
's not that new it already has a few
[ __ ] on the [ __ ] [ __ ] Juan Faro I believed I
believed he was the guy what a physicist he
has Ah but this podcast has been around for a month
eh yeah it's been around for a month [ __ ] on my [ __ ]
life he has the first podcast it has almost
a million views 800,000 what the [ __ ] do
people do who do I have to
[ __ ] listen to me one thing [ __ ]
my god what [ __ ] madness no god exists according to
science I'm going to show you that  God
exists listen to me Oh my boy, he gives
a lot of likes to the jumps I put
on Twitter. What man here they said another
fact, they give you between kicking a
person or a dog and all the
hypocrites choose the person, [ __ ] it depends on the person, it
depends on the
person and it depends on the dog. Let's see, I think that I think I'm
really sorry for what I'm going to do like this, but if
it doesn't mean that I would do it,
okay, I would do it. I'm not answering
that question, it seems like a very
delicate question because it can, it seems like a
very delicate question, I'm not answering,
okay. But I think, I hope you're wrong,
but I think that most
people would do it, okay.
[Music]